Ok, I know you're sad too.
I miss my grandfather
But ah, you have to pay attention to your body.
What about after these three days?
Let's hold a funeral for the old man
What then?
What about the Chens?
Will come from all over
Send the old man the last ride
After 7 days?
Our family friend
The rich and powerful in Kyoto will come to worship
Will you be busy then?
Please don't get sick
Yeah, and the blood, you came all the way here
Also tired
I'll ask Auntie to make some food for you when it rains on ice cubes
How about you also persuade Xiaodou not to make him too sad?
The person who killed grandpa
I won't let him go no matter who he is
It's all me, just you